docs: clarifying how dates work in frontmatter for content collections page (#5234)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/content-collections.mdx

The remark and rehype pipelines only run when your content is rendered, which explains why `remarkPluginFrontmatter` is only available after you call `render()` on your content entry. In contrast, `getCollection()` and `getEntry()` cannot return these values directly because they do not render your content.

## Working with dates in the frontmatter

The correct date format you should use in your frontmatter should be `yyyy-mm-dd` (e.g. `2021-07-28`). 

```astro
---
title: My Blog Post
pubDate: 2021-07-08
---
```

The date format will be specified in UTC if a timezone is not provided. If you need to specify a timezone, you can use the [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. 

```astro
---
title: My Blog Post
pubDate: 2021-07-08T12:00:00-04:00
---
```

You can also choose to truncate the string in your template and render only the `YYYY-MM-DD` from the full UTC timestamp. 

```markdown title="src/pages/posts/example-post.md"
  ---
  title: 'Example Blog Post'
  pubDate: 2021-07-28
  ---
```
```astro title="src/layouts/ExampleLayout.astro"
---
const { frontmatter } = Astro.props;
---
<h1>{frontmatter.title}</h1>
<p>{frontmatter.pubDate.slice(0,10)}</p>
```

> If you are interested in having more formatting options over the day, month, and year, then please look at this example `<FormattedDate />` [component](https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/latest/examples/blog/src/components/FormattedDate.astro) in the official Astro blog template. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see an example of using `toLocaleDateString` to format the day, month, and year instead, see the [`<FormattedDate />` component](https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/latest/examples/blog/src/components/FormattedDate.astro) in the official Astro blog template. 
```
